refactor: restructure and improve Staking documentation (#72)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/participate/01_Staking/03_Delegate/04_revoke.md

---
id: revoke

> title: How to revoke

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Revoke your delegation
```

---

import StakingTxDisclaimer from '../_disclaimer_staking_tx.md';

You can revoke your delegation at any time by calling `parachainStaking -> revokeDelegation`.

> As a result, you won't receive any rewards immediately after the transaction is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, you won't receive any rewards immediately after the transaction is successfully executed.
```
